**Week of (4/11 - 4/17)**

This week we planned and organized the classes as well as the methods that we wanted for our basic Graph data structure. 
We first wrote down the method signatures and all the instance variables needed. After that we began implementation on
the Graph data structure as well as the Airport struct that represents the nodes in our directed graph. We wrote down 
specifications as well and wrote tests to make sure that our Graph is constructing correctly when reading in from a .txt 
file by using an adjacency matrix to compare. 


**Week of (4/18 - 4/24)**

This week we planned and organized our BFS and AirportTraversals classes for our BFS Traversal. 
We first wrote down our planned methods, specs and all the instance variables needed. After that we began implementation 
of the BFS and AirportTraversals classes, where BFS is a child of AirportTraversals and implements virtual functions in 
AirportTraversals. We wrote down specifications and implemented some tests to make sure that our Iterator is traversing 
correctly through a given Graph.

**Week of (4/25 - 5/1)**

This week we worked on creating more test cases for the GetDestinations method in the Graph class. 
We also added a test case for the BFS iterator traversal where the graph is connected. Next, we worked
on implementing Djikstra's algorithm for the Graph class. We wrote down specifications and wrote tests to 
make sure that Djikstra's algorithm was implemented correctly. Lastly, we refactored the project and made 
small changes to the specifications to make it more clear to the user.

**Week of (5/2 - 5/8)**

This week we updated the Dijkstra class to account for edge weights. We also made sure that the Dikstra method checks
whether the input is valid (i.e. The Start and End nodes exist within the graph). We also completed our implementation
of PageRank and implemented tests for it. We ran PageRank on our Flight dataset to confirm that it was implemented correctly.
Lastly, we refactored Graph, BFS and AirportTraversal to make it more readable.

**Week of (5/9 - 5/15)**

This week we updated our Dijkstra implementation to account for a Stack Overflow error. We added two utility functions
to sort and compare (using Spearman’s correlation coefficient) rankings generated by Page Rank and our Dijkstra
estimation method. Finally, we updated main.cpp and wrote tests to demonstrate and test these new functionalities.
